<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Story 29 - Is my Mother Dead?</title>

<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body class="mainbody">
  <div class="paragraphtext">

	<h1>
		Story 29 - Is my Mother Dead?

	</h1>
	<br/><br/>


	
	
	<p>

"Yes, little angel! your mother died this morning and you know that well. You are a twelve-year-old boy now. You are a little man now, and at this age, you can make the difference between a dead person and a sleeping person."<br />
Oh my god, my mother is dead. I feel a deep melancholy. It's between why is this happening? And it shouldn't be happening, I feel a deep hurt inside my soul. It's like someone gets to know me so well and I let him get inside my bubble, get in the most intimate part of myself and he put a knife and shatters the deepest, strongest part of me.<br />
Suddenly I didn't want to cry and hear those women at our house crying anymore. I went to my room and I step up on my bed. my body took a ball shape and I slept.<br />
I woke up the next day and my mom was there, she asked me if I already brushed my teeth or not? I was completely confused and I told her not yet, and she replied, "Go brush your teeth and come take your breakfast." I brushed my teeth and I went to take my breakfast as my mom asked me. I told her "I dreamt you were dead the last night." She replied, "I am here, it was just a nightmare." And she continued, "Do you have class today?" I replied, "If we are Monday, then no!" She looked at me and said, "Go back and take a nap, then."<br />
I went back to take a nap again, and I slept again. When I woke up I kept hearing these women crying and again I still can feel the hurt inside my heart. I said out loud, "Mom!" No one answered, then I said it again even louder, "Mom!" Then I scream, "Mom!" Someone came to me, it happens it's my aunt, and she told me, "Oh, my boy, I know it's hard for you, it's hard for all of us, we all feel hurt and we all wish the situation is different, but no matter how hard you will try to bend the reality to bring her back, she won't come back."<br />
I hugged my aunt saying, "Mom!... I already miss her so much." My aunt replied, "We all do, my little angel, we all do." And she continued, "Do you wish me to prepare you something to eat, you must feel weak all these days." I replied "No, thanks! I just want to sleep a little more, I just want to be asleep for a long time, so I won't feel the pain and maybe think all this is a dream." My aunt replied, "Go ahead little angel, sleep as much as you can, I will be here when you wake up and I will take care of you."<br />
I slept again and my mom woke me up, she said, "Common, you have slept too much." I looked at her confused, with my eyes wide open and I didn't say a word, she asked me, "Have you done that dream again?"<br />

	</p>






  </div>
</body>
</html>
