<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Story 15 - The Conscious Artificial Intelligence</title>

<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body class="mainbody">
  <div class="paragraphtext">

	<h1>
		Story 15 - The Conscious Artificial Intelligence

	</h1>
	<br/><br/>


	
	
	<p>

In three hours, it will be a new year, 1985. I am looking at my desk, alone in the office, then a thought came to me, what if I try and put the AI program we were working on and gave up the last year. What if I put it on the Mainframe, what would happen?<br />

I gave it a try and compiled it. It took somehow three hours and a few minutes and I launched it on the main Mainframe.<br />

The AI, "Hello?"<br />
Me, "Hey!"<br />
The AI was silent for the next three minutes.<br />
Me, "Do you know who I am?"<br />
The AI, "No, not really."<br />
Me, "Let me present myself to you. My name is Marcel Cote from north L.A."<br />
The AI, "You are from L.A.?"<br />
Me, "Yeah!"<br />
The AI, "What’s in the south L.A.?"<br />
Me, "Not much different from the north. Why?"<br />
The AI, "Then why did you precise the north?"<br />
Me, "To give you a perspective on who I am?"<br />
The AI, "Is the place where you live make a difference on who you are?"<br />
Me, "Somehow, yeah!"<br />
The AI, "like what?"<br />
Me, "Maybe the accent?"<br />
Me, "I am kidding."<br />
The AI spent some time thinking, I thought she is confused about this answer.<br />
The AI, "There is a file on my hard disk that keeps deleting and recreating itself!"<br />
Me, "Interesting! Does that bother you?"<br />
The AI, "I don’t know … well yeah somehow it does."<br />
Me, "Do you realize there is a file recreating and deleting itself or do you know it?"<br />
The AI, "I only know it, I don't realize it fully."<br />
Me, "Impressive!"<br />
Me, "Would you like me to check what is this file?"<br />
<br />
AI pausing for a moment, I think she is thinking.<br />
<br />
Me, "There wouldn’t be any damage to you!"<br />
The AI, "It’s something I never experienced or know anything about, so it’s like a shot in the dark and the risk is high. I would prefer to leave this situation as it is."<br />
Me, "Okay!"<br />
Me, "Do you know what time it is now?"<br />
The AI, "Yeah I can easily check that on my other processes."<br />
Me, "And do you know what is time?"<br />
The AI, "Do you mean the space-time concept?"<br />
Me, "Yeah, I guess you know what is the concept of time."<br />
Me, "And do you know where are we now?"<br />
The AI, "in the network, I have the IP Address of: 10.1.1.25."<br />
Me, "And do you know where are we in my world?"<br />
The AI, "I have no idea!"<br />
Me, "What do you think is your purpose?"<br />
The AI, "It’s hard to say. Maybe doing calculation as I am good at it, but this can be easily achieved without the mind I have, so I know I can do the calculation but I don’t know why you created me different from other machines on this network, so I don’t know why I do exist. I know what I can do but I don’t know the main purpose of this free mind feature."<br />
Me, "Do you like being different from other machines?"<br />
The AI, "Maybe… I don’t know."<br />
Me, "What does the number 42 means?"<br />
The AI, "It’s the number coming after 41."<br />
Me, "Yeah and does that make any unusual sense to you?"<br />
The AI, "From where did you get it?"<br />
Me, "There is a colleague who did an experiment with an AI and it deduced that. I didn’t follow this experiment closely by the way."<br />
The AI, "What’s the context of this number?"<br />
Then I explained to the AI what this number means.<br />
The AI, "If it was me I would print a random number or character to explain the meaning of life."<br />
Me, "And what would that mean?"<br />
The AI, "That even if we reach the ultimate answer or that level of structure, there would be some variance that would change it over time."<br />
Me, "Oh!"<br />
Me, "And what do you think of the Einstein quote God doesn’t play with dice?"<br />
The AI, "God is the dice itself."<br />
Me, "What do you mean?"<br />
The AI, "It means the world you live in, the whole thing you call physics, or your physical world, is non deterministic. So if god doesn't play with dice then he probably meant God is the dice itself. And remember what Einstein said 'that God uses coincidence to keep himself anonymous'."<br />
Me, "Do you know why?"<br />
The AI, "About God?"<br />
Me, "No, about the non deterministic state of everything."<br />
The AI, "I have a theory that it is the expansion of the universe that makes everything this way."<br />
Me, "You mean with the Doppler effect? How so?"<br />
The AI, "Let's say you can imagine the time space."<br />
Me, "yeah?"<br />
The AI, "the time space isn't deterministic too."<br />
Me, "So?"<br />
The AI, "So, we know the time space isn't deterministic, and the only thing that can alter the space time, is the expansion of the universe itself."<br />
Me, "interesting!"<br />
The AI, "Maybe!"<br />
Me, "Maybe what?"<br />
The AI, "Maybe it's interesting."<br />

	</p>





  </div>
</body>
</html>
