<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Poem 07 - Justice or Not</title>

<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body class="mainbody">
  <div class="paragraphtext">

	<h1>
		Poem 07 - Justice or Not

	</h1>
	<br/><br/>


	
	
	<p>
	<br />

I don't want to fight.<br />
I don't want people who did that either pay.<br />
The people who stole from me my day.<br />
On this day I could be bright.<br />
But I am just a junk today.<br />
Because the light is gray.<br />
Only misery and depression stay.<br />
I always doubted the existence of God.<br />
The one I know did only betray.<br />
I don't know if one day.<br />
I will find myself anyway.<br />
I am still angry about my destiny.<br />
It's like losing a part of me as my identity.<br />
Once upon a time like yesterday.<br />
It was from drugs to ecstasy.<br />
Today it's like I use chemotherapy.<br />
To heal the part that is still damaged mentally.<br />
My brain got disturbed chemically.<br />
And I am telling my story.<br />
To entertain essentially.<br />
But I am suffering terribly.<br />
I will die alone and lonely.<br />
As I have been my entire life, me only with me.<br />
You might read this carelessly.<br />
My voice will pass from primary to secondary.<br />
From secondary to nobody.<br />
From nobody breathlessly.<br />
From breathlessly to words printed emotionally.<br />
From words to decades or even centuries.<br />
Staying in one place and finding you finally.<br />
I will tell you one thing.<br />
No matter who you are, you will suffer blindly.<br />
But the more you stand up the more you carry.<br />
Carry the power in you to fight confidently.<br />
This was my message now take it carefully.<br />
It was from a damaged soul killed potentially.<br />
A soul that has only the ink to spray in paper with all intimacy.<br />

	</p>





  </div>
</body>
</html>
