<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Story 16 - The Black Spot</title>

<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body class="mainbody">
  <div class="paragraphtext">

	<h1>
	Story 16 - The Black Spot

	</h1>
	<br/><br/>


	
	
	<p>

I am looking around and around and I think, do I know this place? I am not sure from where I saw it, but it’s still familiar to me. Something is weird in here. The people and the place and the atmosphere are familiar to me and at the same time… I just can’t explain it. I feel I know everybody from here. While I don’t want to approach anyone. I am walking and walking and it feels so well-being in this place. The color of the walls and the people look so gorgeous. The architecture of this place looks amazing.<br />
I am walking further and further and I wanted to follow this street. I can read from the panel, it’s called AT Street of Bejaia. I can’t emphasize how good feeling, being here is. I continued walking and someone approached me and told me, “Rafiq you have to bring this key to your little brother who is in real need of it, and it’s urgent you have to go and give it to him.” I asked him, “How can I find him?” he replied, “You have to do that by yourself.” then I replied, “Who are you?” He said, “I am the magician of this world.” I was surprised and said, “A magician?” He replied, “Yeah, I am one among many others of this place. I can bring whatever I want in this world, but I can do that when, and just when you agree on it.” I said, “What if I don’t.” the magician replied, “Then nothing will happen and my magic trick won’t work at all.” Then he said again, “Enough talking go to your little brother and give him the key.” I replied, “What if I won’t find him?” He asked me, “Do you know yourself?” I am like, “Uh yeah! I think so!” He said, “Then you will find him, every man has the map of the world inside him and this world is yours.” I went searching for my brother then while walking far away I reached a place where I can see a beach, then I found a black spot in the middle of the water. It was attracting me. I went as fast as possible toward it, and as soon as I reach the black water I woke up. My hypnotist calmed me and told me this was a simulated dream. My brother who accompanied me was sitting just behind him and looking at me as everything will be okay soon.<br />
The hypnotist told me now we know what is your problem, next time we will dig deeper and hope you won’t get drown in the black water and check what this key will open.<br />

	</p>





  </div>
</body>
</html>
