<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>qsida 24 - مخنوق</title>

<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body class="mainbody">
  <div class="paragraphtext">

	<h1>
		Story 24 - Wings

	</h1>
	<br/><br/>

	
	
	
	<p>
I am done. I can't handle it anymore. I think it's better this way. I should finish my days. Not only it release me from my pain and the nonsense of this world, but I will take away my problems from the people around me too.<br />
I stepped into the ladders until I reached the top of the building. I think it's from 400 meters to 500 meters, Nonetheless.<br />
I am looking at the beautiful night. I know it's gorgeous. Something tells me if I am fourteen years again, I will appreciate this night. But I don't, and that's why I have to finish things off.<br />
I am feeling cold. I didn't wear enough clothes to warm me up. I shook myself, and I took a deep breath. My mind got empty, and I threw myself into the void. as soon as I threw myself, I grew wings, and my wings started flapping, and they started flapping harder and harder, seconds later. I could even control them, I started flying around the city, and I had these same fresh eyes. Just like a fourteen-year-old. Who has discovered his penis even serves to do something.<br />
I started flapping my wings harder and harder. I enjoyed having them, and I started gaining more and more altitude. I can feel the cold air passing throw my face and body, I can feel cold, but I do enjoy the flight. After some hours of flying. I came back to the same place, where I throw myself, and my wings got detached from me.<br />
	</p>





  </div>
</body>
</html>
