<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Story 18 - The Right Girl</title>

<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body class="mainbody">
  <div class="paragraphtext">

	<h1>
Story 18 - The Right Girl
	</h1>
	<br/><br/>


	
	
	<p>

I was at a party, and I saw her, she was in her pajamas. I approached her and I asked her, “What are you…” not letting me finish my sentence she gets closer to me and kissed me. Then I woke up.
“Do you know who is this woman?” Said the psychotherapist.<br />
I replied, “No I don’t!”<br />
The next night I was walking alone in the forest, then I saw a beautiful woman making a laughing sound and when I found her, she looked at me intensely and said with a slight smile, “Are you here to kiss me?” And then I woke up again.<br />
The therapist, “And this woman was a different woman, right?”<br />
I replied, “Physically yes, but I felt her as she is the same in all my dreams.”<br />
The next night I am in the car in the middle of the desert then the car engine stopped. I couldn’t start it again, and I saw someone coming far away, it gets closer and closer and then it reached the place I am in. There was a woman driving inside, she said, “You are not close enough, come here.” I was about to get in the car as soon as I opened the door, I woke up.<br />
The therapist, “And you always feel this intense attraction toward her, right?”<br />
I replied, “yes! and I don’t know why her voice seems so like yours.”<br />
The psychotherapist said, “It’s me.” With a smile.<br />
“Yacine you were seeing me in your dreams.” I was a little confused and I said, “How? I barely know you! And you barely know me besides what I tell you.”<br />
The therapist, “I say that because I see the same thing in my dreams, exactly your woman’s point of view, and I see a man who heavily seems like you."<br />

	</p>







  </div>
</body>
</html>
