<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Story 30 - The Music</title>

<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body class="mainbody">
  <div class="paragraphtext">

	<h1>
		Story 30 - The Music

	</h1>
	<br/><br/>


	
	
	<p>

My name is Ashraf Kermali. I am born deaf person. I can't hear anything from my environment. I imagine sometimes some sounds but they are just images of me communicating with some signs. Mainly the sounds I imagine are just images of me talking with my hands. I think that's due to my limited knowledge or experience of hearing sounds. I wonder how people catch their ears when two metals are scratching each other, if only I can hear that, even if it will hurt me.<br />

My wife came to me and told me to not forget my visit to the ophthalmologist, I have to check what's wrong with my eyes, sometimes I see everything well but sometimes I just can't.<br />

A few minutes later in the car, my wife turned on the radio and for the first time in my life, I could hear this beautiful music. I hold my breath for a moment then I think I didn't breath for somehow twenty seconds. I was speechless while listening to this beautiful melody, then as soon as my wife went to turn off the radio, I stopped her and told her with sign language I can hear this music. She was surprised and confused and told me but I couldn't hear anything she says, then she get even more confused. she talked to me with signs, "You can hear this music and you can't hear me speaking?" I told her, "Yeah that's what happening right now."<br />

	</p>





  </div>
</body>
</html>
