<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Story 01 - A Day in the Desert</title>

<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body class="mainbody">
  <div class="paragraphtext">

	<h1>
		Story 01 - A Day in the Desert

	</h1>
	<br/><br/>


	
	<p>
I have just woken up. It's hard to keep my eyes open. The sun is blinding me, and the place outside seems hot while it's cool inside. I am in a car, the smell seems a new one. While I don't know where I am, I can just see the dust of the desert outside. There are three men with me, in a black suit and sunglasses. I don't know who they are, I don't even recognize myself, I can't recall what happened to me lately. My clothes are splashed with blood, and my body feels weak.<br />
There is a weird tension in this car, the silence already kills me little by little. From the face of these people, I can tell that I will die soon. After a few minutes they stopped, one of them gets out and opens my door. He took me off, then they left me in the middle of the desert, with nothing, just a half-full bottle of water. I scream, "Hey ... where are you going ... why are you leaving me here!" The car gets further and further. I can't even stand up for more than a minute and it's hard to breathe in this place.<br />
I tried walking a little and I fall on my path. Suddenly I am thinking, what direction should I take, the same as the car did, I don't even remember which one did the car took. I tried harder and harder to spend my energy while walking. Second passes, after minutes and many minutes after hours, many, many hours walking and I don't even know where am I going. I feel the dryness in my mouth and I can even feel the air getting from my throat to the lungs while breathing, and I feel the burn on my skin.<br />
Suddenly I woke up in the middle of the night. I realized I fall down unconscious all day. I see the world playing around from my dizziness. It's cold in here, I can feel it even inside my bones, especially now. This is my first night in this desert, and my body keeps shaking. While trying to warm myself in any way at that moment, the only thing I wish for is getting home, taking a hot shower, and gaining my soft bed, then the silence of this immense desert grasp me back to it. I tried walking a little maybe to forget this cold air. A few steps further I find a scorpion crawling beside me, I had never seen one before, not a real one. I was a little scared to sting me, and it seems it was not aware of my presence and it didn't try to harm me in any way. It is just crawling beside me as if nothing were there. While walking, trying to give up scrolled my mind. But hell no, this means I will suffer way more before I die. Later the sun is rising, and I am thinking, "Thank God I will feel a little warmer, at least for now before it will become too hot."<br />
Sometime later I see a group of camels walking one behind another. The light of hope comes back to me for a moment, I collect all my energy, and I run toward them, as I know there would be people there, I reach them and someone, a desert soldier grabbed me from behind. He made me look at him, and he screams, "Idir stay with us! ... Idir, don't give up!" I am like "what? How do you know my name?" The guy is screaming, "Three ... Two ... One ... again ... Three ... Two ... One ... we lost him. There is nothing more to do, he is dead at 9:12 AM in Avenue des étoiles, cause of death is a car accident." I didn't understand what this soldier meant or why did he say that but his talking looked like someone of the emergency jargon.<br />
Suddenly, the sun wasn't hurting anymore, and I knew everything from the desert, all alive creatures in this place were known to me... I was dead.

	</p>




  </div>
</body>
</html>
