<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Story 33 - The Street of Misery</title>

<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body class="mainbody">
  <div class="paragraphtext">

	<h1>
		Story 33 - The Street of Misery

	</h1>
	<br/><br/>


	
	
	<p>

I will walk you through the street of misery. Let's get in the guide told us. We walked a little with him into this street, as soon as we get in the storm was about to hit. It wasn't raining and there is no wind, but dark clouds were forming and the thunder was hitting every ten to twenty seconds. It seems the worst is about to happen, I think people in this place get used to it. From their look they seem they don't like it and deep inside themselves, they suffer from it and they somehow get used to it. Maybe because they forgot what a normal life looks like and this place seems normal to them.<br />
We were walking and the guide was showing us the history of each one of the houses there. He said, "Look at this house there was a couple with two kids and the husband was a lost cause drunk and a drug addict man, he took with him all his family to failure and they are still trapped here in this house."
We walked two blocks away and he said, "Look here in this house the wife murdered her husband after he was beating her up, her and her children every day, now they are trapped here forever." I was a little bit surprised as when he was showing us these people I can see there is some distress inside them and they can't say it and articulate it, maybe they are even ignorant of their miserable situation. <br />
We walked a little and he showed us this house, "Here! this man was a gambler and he took off the entire family's money and life, he even sold his two daughters to a brothel." The sound of the storm gets heavier and heavier as we get even deeper and deeper inside this street. Later the guide told us this is the last one I will show you today and I kept this one the last for a good reason. He said, "Would you like to know whose house is this one?" I was silent and I suspected some nasty people lived there and he said, "This house is the house of the traitor who sold these places to every person in here." I said, "Who is this guy?" He replied, "Everybody used to say, he will come back here one day, as he took these people's bless and turned them to sins and he exchanged it to his own freedom from this place, he was even the one who hired me here." I insisted "Who is this guy?" The guide looked at me intensely and said, "Don't you recognize him in this place?" I was confused and told him, "Not really!" He replied, "It was you!"

	</p>





  </div>
</body>
</html>
