<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Story 27 - The Mirror</title>

<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body class="mainbody">
  <div class="paragraphtext">

	<h1>
		Story 27 - The Mirror

	</h1>
	<br/><br/>

	
	
	
	<p>

I saw you once. It was on my childhood, I remember when I saw you I stopped breathing for a moment, same thing we do as kids when we pass the cemetery. I saw you again on my teen years. You were brighter than when I was a kid, and I had seen you again on my young adulthood.<br />
You are the broken mirror in the mental hospital institution. You always attract me when I see you. You are so attractive, there is peacefulness in your face that I don't know why I wouldn't try you and get in. When I still was a kid I was amazed by you, but something on me, told me I shouldn't follow you, maybe my inner peace told me you are not what you pretend you are and you are as harmful as a murderer, maybe you are a mind killer. That's what I felt and thought at the moment.<br />
In my teen years I was like hell yeah I want something new what can I lose now maybe it will bring me some joy. Then I touched you, and you get me in, while I didn't felt anything weird or any kind of feeling, at the time I thought you were just a normal mirror, then I cameback to you when I was a young adult. I told you, "You are the worst thing happened to me, I didn't realize it until now." I still find you attractive sometimes, but I don't trust you anymore, you ruined years of my life. I shouldn't touch you when I was still a teen. I shouldn't even escape from my parents and get into this hospital and see you when I was still a kid. Some get bankrupt and say, "Screw you capitalism", some lose someone and say, "Screw you god", for me I look at you and I say, "Screw you".


	</p>






  </div>
</body>
</html>
