<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Story 11 - You Could Be my Wife</title>

<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body class="mainbody">
  <div class="paragraphtext">

	<h1>
		Story 11 - You Could Be my Wife

	</h1>
	<br/><br/>


	
	
	<p>
	<br />

She left only this message, “We are not together anymore, and you will always be in my heart.” I didn’t expect it to be honest, our relationship didn’t go well. Let me go back and tell you the story of how it happened.<br />
We met online. We chat all the time, and one day I asked her at least to see each other in real life, as I never asked her picture nor called her. As soon as I ask her to call her or chat with a cam, she refuses, and she keeps telling me, “let’s keep it this way.”<br />
She enjoys it this way. We kept chatting all the time together, while talking to her, I told her, “You remind me of a beautiful time.”<br />
She replied, “What time?”<br />
Me, “Once upon a time :D”<br />
She liked it, and she replied, “Isn’t it in the winter far away on the mountains.”<br />
She surprised me and I asked her, “How in the world have you guessed?”<br />
She changed the subject asking me to talk about whether my daily job is okay and if my colleagues are still cool with me.<br />
She succeeded in refocusing and redirecting my attention elsewhere. She knows me well, to be honest, she reminds me of one of my old girlfriends, whom I lost contact with all this time.<br />
Once, while rereading our chat, sometimes I try to figure out how she thinks, and try to re-enjoy my time spent with her.<br />
Then I stumbled to this same phrase about my weekend in the mountains, I was with another girl while I spent this wonderful time. I resent her this message. She replied fast.<br />
She, “you don’t sleep as usual, do you?”<br />
Me, “Yeah, I didn’t know you can figure that out without living with me.”<br />
She, “Hmm.”<br />
Me, “Yeah a real hmm.”<br />
She, “And you don’t like your mother because she spent her time with your elder brother than you.”<br />
Me, “Yeah, weird you know such a thing.”<br />
She, “And your favorite dish is French fries with salad and a little of Mayonnaise.”<br />
Me, “What the heck??”<br />
She, “And you hate your childhood friend reminding you, your first fight with him.”<br />
I was silent.<br />
She, “You used to like her, don’t you?”<br />
Me, “Who?”<br />
She, “Safia.”<br />
Me, “Yeah, are you one of her friends?”<br />
She, “Umar, she only has a few months to live.”<br />
Me, “Safia?? Really? How can I join her?”<br />
She, “you already did.”<br />
Me, “No I mean now.”<br />
She, “She still likes you, you know?”<br />
Me, “I would like to hear it from her.”<br />
She, “She wishes you all the best after she will pass away.”<br />
Me, “Are you one of her friends?”<br />
She, “Goodbye Umar.”<br />
Me, “No common, tell me, she is important to me Safia.”<br />
She, “You are as well.”<br />
Me, “Oh God! Tell me where can I join her?”<br />
She, “Sadly, you already did.”<br />
Me, “I give up, tell her I loved her each moment I spent with her.”<br />
She, “She already knows.”<br />
Me, “Okay… What?”<br />
She, “We are not together anymore, and you will always be in my heart.”<br />
Then she left and never appeared… Ever again.<br />

	</p>




  </div>
</body>
</html>
