<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Story 26 - Crypto</title>

<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body class="mainbody">
  <div class="paragraphtext">

	<h1>
		Story 26 - Crypto

	</h1>
	<br/><br/>


	
	
	<p>

It's really easy to think about death when you have nothing to lose. I didn't plan my suicide, I just improvised. I decided I will go and execute myself on the rocky beach near the town where I live. on my way, I saw a man, a homeless man sitting on an old chair smoking a cigarette. He gazed me intensely as he figured out I am about to do something.<br />
I reached the rock beach and I took enough amount of sleeping medications, these things can make you tired and slow in a few seconds. I took them then I let go, and I throw myself into the deepest water.<br />
While I still have enough oxygen to live, I am thinking what will happen next? I am thinking is it terrifying? Is it peaceful? Is it just nothing on the other side, then I let go, and I am thinking about my life, the dreams I wanted to achieve, the broken heart I had, and the unfair life I lived.
After somehow three minutes, I still can hold my breath and I didn't get drowned. Something is weird in here. I get out of the water, disappointed. Later I left the beach, the old man isn't in his place anymore, as soon as I reached home, I got a letter. I thought who sends letters these days. There were a diskette and a message, it was written, "If you still want to fight back, then here is your second chance. crack the code and you will find the path back to your normal life." It was signed @Crudd, I checked the diskette, and somehow I still have an old PC. I launched the diskette and I found some text files inside.<br />
one of the files has the title first.txt. I checked it and I found some gibberish messages there, as there were no non-ASCII characters I thought it will be caesar cipher, and it was indeed caesar code in it, and I easily cracked it. it says, "You are between water and dryness." The second file was named second.last.txt, it seemed a similar code and I tried many different ASCII crackers, but none of them worked.<br />
I get out to smoke a cigarette, and someone came to me and asks me, "Do you have a light?" I replied, "Yeah sure!" We chatted a little and he told me, "We know each other in the other life you know?" I said, "In the other life?" He replied "Yeah!!" And he asked me, "Have you solved the code?" I sight and said, "Uh not yet, but how do you know I have codes to crack." He replied, "Oh yeah they should be called 'save-me Codes' these things, you get drowned in some place in deep water and then you find yourself out solving some of these things." I get a little bit confused and I told him, "Cool it was nice chatting with you?" He replied, "Shad3 ... you can call me shad3." I asked him, "It's not an Algerian name, it's not even a usual name." He smiled and said, "Yeah like I said you know me in the other life, I shouldn't introduce myself to you anymore." I shrugged and left him, and then he throws the last message of this conversation, "Do you need some help?" I replied with a, "No!"<br />
I went back home, solving these codes, and it starts to hit my nerves while trying to figure out this file format and how to solve it, I get a phone call. I couldn't figure out who is behind the number, I picked up and on the other side, there was someone called Jeff.<br />
Jeff, "Here is Jeff, we are checking if you had received the diskette?"<br />
Me, "Uh, yeah I did!"<br />
Jeff, "Have you cracked them?"<br />
Me, "The first one..."<br />
... I get interrupted.<br />
Jeff, "The first one is easy, we are asking you if you solved the second one?"<br />
Me, "I didn't yet."<br />
Jeff, "Hmmm, that doesn't sound good."<br />
Me, "Am I in the middle of an interview?"<br />
Jeff, "Yeah, would you like to know what job would you have if you get hired?"<br />
Me, "Yeah tell me?"<br />
Jeff, "Your life back."<br />
Me, "Excuse me?"<br />
Jeff, "Your life back."<br />
Me, "I don't understand."<br />
Jeff, "I am not here to babysit you okay? Either you crack the code and get your life back or you will not."<br />
Then I thought maybe it was a setup. Maybe I am in the middle of something. Maybe a tv show or something, then the sky starts to get greenish. I thought I am in a serious shit in here. I left home and I went as fast as possible searching for Shad3, and asking him for help, I said out loud, "Shad3??? ... Shaaaaad3??" Then I find something in my pocket, "The answer relies on your soul, this is from Yanderom."<br />
Hell no again, what soul?? And then I realized what I have to do, I get back home and I cracked it with cribble dragging and then I looked outside, the sky start to get bluish again, and I find Shad3 again in the street. He told me, "Good job!" I asked him, "Am I dreaming?" he replied, "Somehow!" and continued, "Now what you have to do, is delete the code file, do you remember the name @Crudd? I said yeah he was the guy who sent me the codes."<br />
Shad3, "He is the angel of life, And there is someone else you should know about, @S4R he is the angel of death. They have already decided your fate, would you like to know what they have decided for you?"<br />
I replied, "Yeah, sure!"<br />
Shad3, "Then delete the code file."<br />
I went home again and I deleted the file and I fell asleep, I woke up in a hospital, and the nurses were saying, "This patient just woke up from the coma."<br />
After few hours I asked the nurses, "Who saved me?"<br />
The nurses, "An old homeless man, saved you from drowning and called the emergency!"<br />

	</p>




  </div>
</body>
</html>
