<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Poem 06 - I Love You</title>

<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body class="mainbody">
  <div class="paragraphtext">

	<h1>
		Poem 06 - I Love You

	</h1>
	<br/><br/>

	
	
	
	<p>
	<br />

I love you.<br />
And you will never hear me say it.<br />
How come you are bigger than my heart.<br />
And you perfectly fit.<br />
You think you have a glimpse of who I am.<br />
Until the phone rang.<br />
I didn't want to tell you my story.<br />
As I said.<br />
I don't want to tell you every time I talk to you.<br />
The time always overran.<br />
And my duty is to tell you via mail or a telegram.<br />
And of course, the phone rang.<br />
If you believe others they will tell you I am a scam.<br />
But I am just a simple man.<br />
Who has to tell you I am not who you think again.<br />
You asked me when I will see you again?<br />
I replied never is the when.<br />
I still like you and it overwhelms.<br />
It overwhelms my heart then.<br />
I couldn't tell you who I am.<br />
I will leave you as a fulfilled man.<br />
The train will leave at ten.<br />
And of course, at this time I went.<br />
And I am appreciating this last moment I spend.<br />
We will never meet, sure I am.<br />
But I will tell you goodbye.<br />
May we meet haphazardly again.<br />
To tell you, I am a spy.<br />
And you were just a mission in the plan.<br />
But I loved you over time.<br />
Even I didn't have the right to do it back then.<br />
Goodbye, my love.<br />

	</p>






  </div>
</body>
</html>
