<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Story 08 - Khalif and the Artificial Intelligence</title>

<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body class="mainbody">
  <div class="paragraphtext">

	<h1>
	Story 08 - Khalif and the Artificial Intelligence

	</h1>
	<br/><br/>

	
	
	
	<p>

Khalif is a 14-year-old bright student. After his entire family died in a car accident. He was all alone, and he was lost in his own world. Sometime later he got adopted by a couple without kids. The foster father was a computer engineer in a big company, and the foster mother was a security engineer. Khalif was completely lost. He lost all passion to study, and he doesn’t play video games anymore.<br />
After three years in this world of no sense, he just dreams of his mother telling him, “Wake up to take your dinner,” and his brother and sister playing with his video games, and he sees his father reading the newspaper.<br />
The foster parents worried a lot about him. They did everything they could, they saw many psychotherapists and all kinds of help. They brought teens at home, and he just leaves them and goes alone in the room.<br />
One night Khalif wanted to drink water he left his room to get some, in his path he saw his foster father sleeping on the desk with his laptop in the living room. Suddenly he was curious about what he is working on. He looked at the laptop, there was just a bunch of lines of text in a terminal. He didn’t get it.<br />
His foster father woke up. He looked tired and there was a moment of silence looking at each other, and the father realized Khalif got out of his room all alone. He smiled.<br />
Khalif, “What are you working at?”<br />
Musa, "It is an AI application, it simulates human behavior and it creates somehow a society with many bots that behave like humans, or I would say they think like humans."<br />
Khalif, “Do they chat between themselves?”<br />
Musa, “It’s still in the early stage of development, but yeah, why wouldn’t they?”<br />
Khalif, "Can they die in any form of accident?"<br />
Musa looks at him, knowing he is thinking about his real family.<br />
Musa, “Hope they won’t.”<br />
Then Khalif was just looking at the screen. Musa recognized that he was interested in the technology field, and he would try to learn more.<br />
As Musa guessed that he will come back to the computer and see what he was working on.<br />
The next day Khalif woke up and went to the computer, Musa left a bunch of books for computer programming and AI. Khalif began to learn computer programming and playing more and more with these machines. Later when he gets how things work, he asked his foster father for the source code.<br />
Khalif, “Can I check the source code of AI engine?”<br />
Musa, “Yeah, why not!”<br />
Khalif checked the engine source. He didn’t get it at first but little by little pieces of code make sense and ideas get clearer. It was like magic for him, it was like discovering a new sense.<br />
10 years later.<br />
Khalif is now a computer engineer. He earns well his living and he had some friends from here and there.<br />
One night after a breakup with his long time relationship, Khalif felt really sad and depressed, and he tried to recreate his real parents and sibling in the AI simulator that he left all these years.<br /> Later after he gets them right, he asked his first question.
Khalif, “Hi Mom?”<br />
The mother in the simulator, “Khalif, where have you been?”<br />
Khalif, “I was just waiting for you, Mom!”<br />
The mother in the simulator, “Khalif you should play outside it’s a sunny day.”<br />
Khalif, “I don’t want to get out, it’s a rainy day in here.”<br />
The mother, “Look at your little brother, he enjoys that.”<br />
The father in the same simulator, “Khalif where are the screwdrivers you took?”<br />
Khalif, “I don’t know Dad.”<br />
Months pass and Khalif spent all his time with this simulator, then one day.<br />
Khalif, “Mom, I am getting out to buy some stuff.”<br />
Khalif get out and get hit by a truck and died instantly. A few days later his foster parents took a look at his work and all his stuff at his apartment. The foster father discovered the program he wrote and he read like thousands of messages.<br />
“Khalif where are you?”<br />
“Khalif you are too late, come back."<br />

	</p>




  </div>
</body>
</html>
