<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Story 14 - Teenage Years</title>

<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body class="mainbody">
  <div class="paragraphtext">

	<h1>
		Story 14 - Teenage Years

	</h1>
	<br/><br/>


	
	
	<p>

We were four guys, three boys, and a girl. We liked each other, and I didn’t know that until we reached our ’30s. Let me tell you my story back then when I was just a 17-year-old teenage boy.
My name is Basim and I have two friends guys, Tareec and Khalif, and there is a girl called Ikram. We used to study in the same class in mid-school; now I am in a technical field in high school. Same for Tareec, and for Ikram and Khalif they are in the literature field.<br />
I didn’t know yet at that moment but I thought there is something between Tareec and Ikram. Not sure about it, it always raised flags when I see them together. I bet they like each other. I can’t figure it out, but if they are together then they hide it very well and I don’t want to ask them as it seems weird and creepy to do that. And about Khalif at the time, I thought he just didn’t like girls much, and for me, I used to teach myself and learn how to talk to girls. As I am not shy not too talkative, I just don’t know how to deal with female psychics.<br />
One day I asked my uncle that has a girlfriend at the time, I asked him, “what do you tell them when you are alone with her?” He replied with a simple, “ You tell her. You smell nice and then you gradually escalate, until you can get her naked.” He said this is the best way I used so far. I gained some nasty thoughts from this way of dealing with girls. Then one day I called Ikram and I asked her to come to my home, she came out and we were alone in my room. She weirdly looked at me, like I am acting creepy and unusual, she stood beside me and looked at me as she waited for me to say something, and I said, “You smell nice!” She widely opened her eyes and said, “I have to go home now.” It happens that the girlfriend of my uncle is her friend and she told her about this sentence that my uncle tells her before they have sex. I didn’t know that at the time, and at this moment I said to myself, “fuck, fuck, fuck! I ruined it,” a few minutes later I felt ashamed and I said to myself, “How can I face her next time, I can’t even stand up in front of her anymore.” at night I spent the whole time in my room ashamed of my act.<br />
The next day I went to Tareec. We were chatting and talking about anything and I asked him, “Have you had sex with Ikram.” There was silence and he looked at me and he didn’t say anything. I figured out that he had already done it with her.<br />
Meanwhile Khalif the guy who didn’t like many girls and kept his romantic life to himself and himself alone. He had a secret blog with the nickname “leMignonGayDZ” he uses to post about men's photos and describe them in a gay manner like how attractive they are and how he would like to have them in the bed. He is popular in the Algerian gay forums.<br />
At the same time, Tareec got infected by a virus, and he called me to fix his computer. I reached his house, I didn't say a word and I jumped directly to his computer, I had to figure out how the virus acts, with some analysis. While I was at my last step to fix his problem, I asked him, “If you don’t teach me how do you talk to girls and how do you make them like you. I won’t fix your computer.” Tareec was completely confused and he was speechless and didn’t know what to say, then a few moments later I told him, “just hit enter and your computer will be back to normal.”
Then Tareec came out, he was like “if you tell me how did you do to fix the computer I will give you my ultimate secret with girls.” I was like “Nah man! You won’t get it.” And he replied, “I knew it, the same thing about the girls with you.”<br />
I came back home and Khalif called me and said he needs a flash drive to send some files to one of his acquaintances. It happened that I sent him one of my infected flash drives by one of my homemade spyware.<br />
At the same time when I was about to give him the flash drive, he was with Ikram and I was really awkward when I saw her. She acted as if nothing happened, she even called me “Basim hows the essays you are writing?” Immediately the temperature got cooler as teachers at my high school asked the whole school to write an essay on what we would like to become once adults.<br />
And Tareec joined us then I said, “I would like to become a game developer. If things wouldn’t work out for me, I would like to switch to something I am familiar with too, like filmmaking,” then I said, “Why what about you?” She replied, “I would like to make it as an actor, it has always been my dream.” Then Khalif asked her, “You still practice every day?” She is like, “Yeah, of course,” and I said, “Still a member of the theater?” And she replied with a smile with a “yes.” Khalif was like “I would like to make it as a photographer.” I said, “You still photograph people in the street?” He smiled and said, “Yes,” with his head. I said, “cool, good for you!” and Tareec said, “I would like to become a history teacher, do you know what Europeans write in the cemetery?” We were like “what?” he said they write, “remember us like. We lived, we loved and we laughed,” he said, “I really like this sentence as this is what represents how humans should be remembered, people who lived before us. They lived and they loved and they laughed, isn’t it beautiful if it’s how people would remember us in the future?”<br />
When I came back home, I turned on my computer and I see my computer showing me it infected a host, I thought “what? When did I send that malware to the outside world,” and I remembered, “Oh shit, Khalif!” I couldn’t resist and I checked his computer and I discovered his secret, I was like “OH MY GOODNESS!”
The next day I went to school and I still can’t believe that about Khalif, we later met in the street and I was smiling laughing with him. He looked at me like I am weird all evening, he said, “You look unusual all this time, what’s happening?” I said, “nothing le Mignon dee-zed.” He opened his mouth and said, “From where did you get this name.” I was laughing at him and making fun of him. He was upset all evening.<br />
The next day, Tareec and Ikram kept calling me and asking me what’s wrong with Khalif. I immediately called him and I told him to meet in real, he came to me and the first words he said, “You are the biggest asshole I know.” I replied, “Man your secret is safe, it’s our little secret, don’t worry about that.” We stood there in silence and he didn’t say a word, after five minutes I said, “Do you guys play the man and the woman or both men or both the women?” Khalif was still upset and looked at me still looking angry. I said, “Oh Khalif common man, the thing I am upset about, is you didn’t photograph me and you didn’t post about me. I am not that attractive?” He was like, “Oh shut up!” I am like laughing at him and he accepted that and said, “You are still an asshole.” I looked at him and told him, “You are a lucky man, you guys don’t have to impress each other.” He replied, “who said that?” I said with, “Why would you impress … your … you know, your partner who is a man?” Then he nods his head like I don't know anything about them. I said, “anyway Khalif, you are still my friend and that doesn’t change anything about our friendship.” And I continued with a smile and curious face, “But why didn’t you photograph me? I will have issues with my shape now.” I could see his little smile in silence. and he said, "I don't know, you are my friend, and I don't want to put you in my messy world." And after that moment and this incident, he was okay with me again.<br />
Then Tareec and Ikram came out and joined us, then I said something I never said before, “why am I the only one who still didn’t get laid yet?” Ikram looked at me and replied, “you are not the only one, don’t worry.”<br />
And now we are in the ’30s. I am a game developer in Quebec and as Khalif wanted he became a photographer and Yasmina became an Actor and Tareec joined her and they all live in France. They all called me to meet all the four as we used to do when we were teens and I joined them I even moved out to France. We see each other every month I think now.<br />

	</p>





  </div>
</body>
</html>
