<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Story 17 - The Color</title>

<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body class="mainbody">
  <div class="paragraphtext">

	<h1>
		Story 17 - The Color

	</h1>
	<br/><br/>


	
	
	<p>

It is 1812 Zakaria is looking for something extraordinary, he is a chemistry teacher. He tried designing some futuristic paint. His idea simply is a painting that changes the color with the position of the person that looks at it. One day he was tired and did not look back at his experiment because he thinks it is too big for him and he couldn't handle it anymore, and he better do something useful than fulfilling a fantasy like this one.<br />

Looking intensely at his tools, he feels bitterness he smirks his face and he gives up.<br />

Later he spends all his time at school doing other research and experimentation, things that look realistic and documented.<br />

After four years he comes back to his half-done experimentation, with the skills he gained to become good in chemistry in school with his students and his research, he finds what he was doing is completely wrong and impossible. he said, "It was the Zakaria young and naive that made that." He tried to paint it, just to prove his theory in his mind and then something happened, maybe there is something to do with time and humidity maybe not, he was looking closely, as the color changed.<br />

He sees something weird like the colors change not only with the position as it was the initial idea for this invention but even with his mood. The scarier he gets the more aggressive the color of the paint changes, it showed up as red as it was a color that Zakaria finds aggressive. He gets out scared, he is thinking "am I mad? or I am becoming a wizard!" After he calmed down he came back to the room and he approached the paint with fear the paint get its effect with this mood, but he tried to touch this color then he felt a shock in his brain. It lasted for five to ten seconds. After he regained his abilities while feeling a little lost and wondering what just happened. Just a few moments later he sees something on the paint, it's like a language like some words came out as a story, and in some way, he understands this language, and he tries to interpret it. It says something like:<br />
<br />
If you can see me.<br />
Try not to kill me.<br />
If you hear me.<br />
Try to learn more about me.<br />
Instead of burying me.<br />
<br />
Zakaria communicated with this thing with his thoughts he said, "What are you talking about?"<br />
<br />
The color answered with:<br />
I can tell the present and the future.<br />
The time for me is just a maneuver.<br />
I tried to change it then I get caught by the remover.<br />
This leads me to the viewer.<br />
And now I am no more a time producer.<br />
<br />
Zakaria is like confused and said okay.<br />
<br />
The paint said:<br />
The room attendant will show up.<br />
Don't tell her about myself much.<br />
I nor we are the judge.<br />
But after this incident, I will get forever blurred.<br />
<br />
The attendant room got into Zakaria's room and said "hello Zakaria ... oh you look scared!"
Zakaria looking weird and afraid and trying to come up with something, anything that will keep her attention away from the paint, awkwardly said, "yeah ... mmm I am preparing some substance to work and I have to be careful that's why I am so scared."<br />
Assia the Attendant room, "Some explosive things?"<br />
Zakaria, "Yeah ... Yeah explosive things."<br />
Assia, "Then I warn you. Don't try to blow up the building or we will spend the rest of our lives in the street, okay?"<br />
Zakaria, "Yeah very ... Really ... Actually you are right!"<br />
Assia looked at Zakaria and Zakaria was afraid that she notices the color.<br />
Assia, "Do you want me to clean your room, I am not here to look at you that long."<br />
Zakaria, "No it's fine I will clean it myself."<br />
Assia gets out then Zakaria looked at the paint.<br />

Zakaria with his thoughts, "How the hell did you know that she is showing up?" With his thought.<br />
<br />
The paint said:<br />
Things happen.<br />
From fraction to fraction.<br />
I can see actions.<br />
And I just examine.<br />
And say what will happen.<br />
<br />
Zakaria, "What?"<br />
<br />
The paint said again:<br />
I have a wound that is incurred.<br />
For this it makes me feel urged.<br />
To talk about me word by word.<br />
The first one will ignore you and he is absurd.<br />
Then the second and the third.<br />
But by the fourth, you will get heard.<br />
Tell him the truth until he gives you a bird.<br />
Let this bird be free as it is as everyone deserved.<br />
<br />
He asked the paint, who are these people, and the paint didn't answer. Zakaria get out and tried to see to whom he will talk about the paint. He went to strangers, he talked to the first one, he gets ignored and the second same thing then the third same thing, when he gets into the fourth one, he was listening carefully, and he said come with me. They reached a market and he told him, I don't know what you said but I have birds to sell if you wish to buy one. Zakaria from the wish of the paint, he bought it and walk a little away and he said, "Better something will happen because in this bird I spent the last money I have for this month." Suddenly Zakaria as soon as he let the bird fly, he sees the world in mixed colors. The colors electrified him everywhere, and he felt it as intense, he was running on the street like a crazy guy, until he reached the color red, the one that seems aggressive. He stopped, he calmed down, he took a deep breath, but this red color tries to catch him. He ran away from it, and a little later he can see patterns of the color on the colors in the walls and people's skin and even on the air, he followed this pattern while running away from the red color. It redirected him to a small shop, where an old man was sitting selling old adventurous accessories.<br />
Zakaria was calming himself down.<br />
<br />
The old man, "You came to find your treasure?"<br />
Zakaria, "What treasure?"<br />
The old man looking intensely at Zakaria.<br />
Zakaria, "I am sorry I reached this place in a hazard, I will get out."<br />
The old man with a strong tone, "What color do I look?"<br />
Zakaria was surprised.<br />
Zakaria, "Blue! ... Oceans blue!"<br />
The old man, "Do you like sea?"<br />
Zakaria, "Actually it scares me."<br />
The old man, "Then it's the place where you have to go."<br />

	</p>





  </div>
</body>
</html>
