<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Story 31 - The Lost Civilization</title>

<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body class="mainbody">
  <div class="paragraphtext">

	<h1>
		Story 31 - The Lost Civilization

	</h1>
	<br/><br/>

	
	
	<p>
It is 1895. Farid Benkader is an archaeology student in Algiers. he is studying in one of the French institutes, and even though he didn't get along with other French students, some teachers saw a brilliant mind behind this little Algerian, and he could do well for the whole of humanity. Maybe he can shed some light on some of the most obscure secrets of the history of humankind.<br />
Farid is just 23-year-old when he attended school, he is a weird person which is something that distinguishes him from other people. The food he eats has to be separated into the same group of colors, and they have to be chucked from the biggest piece to the smallest one. And that let the other French students make fun of him all the time, they even bullied him while making his habits a hell. He told to Chloe once, "Why do they do that?"<br />
Chloe, "You are different Farid, I bet even if you were in an Algerian school you will be bullied too."<br />
Chloe was the chic girl, she was really elegant, Farid liked her so much, not only he is attracted to her, but he even likes spending time with her. She is really confident and she is empathetic and has a kind nature, we can feel her satisfaction with life and her confidence.<br />
Years passed and Farid was about to get graduated. He spent his whole life at this institute studying the Magono civilization. Sometimes he even gets labeled as obsessed with them by his teachers. One thing that attracts him the most from this civilization is maybe the fact that he thinks he will find peace of mind in their spirituality. From their vocabulary he read, Mogono means the peaceful moon.
One day he gets permission to go study this lost civilization. he has been funded by an archaeology institution. Farid can't hold his happiness and went as fast as possible to Chloe. And he asked her if she can come with him.<br />
Chloe looked intensely at him and said, "Farid you know I am not that adventurous, and I got a job here as a teacher assistant and teachers here say I have a good chance that I will replace one of them as soon as there is a free place for me, at least I will be teacher assistance all this time."
Farid still happy told her, "I will postcard you from whatever place crosses my path, And I will keep you updated with everything I find." As he said Farid went on this adventure and all this time, he didn't send any letter to Chloe. Maybe he sent some to his parents or cousins, maybe not.<br />
One day Chloe received a package, which is written, "Sligter to you." Chloe didn't understand what this expression or word Sligter means. She went opened this package, and there was a letter inside, it was written, "In this package, there is all my research on this lost civilization Magono, hope I brought what is valuable for their part of history." Chloe went to some teachers and told them about the package then they spent weeks reading Farid's notes.<br />
From what they gathered, they use colors as Gods? the blue god is the God of water and rain, and there is the red god is the god of the sun and well-being and there is the green god, is the god of trees and agriculture and there is a list of them all in the notes.<br />
They meditate with music, they say music is made by the invisible god and this invisible god can alter the heaven and hell experience.<br />
They keep hope while spending some time in the cave, they say that the cave is a place where angels spend their free time while they don't obey the gods, for them the angel is the wise voice in our mind.<br />
Hell and Heaven are just a dream for them, if you did a good dream then you were in heaven and if you did a nightmare then you were in hell and after death, it's just a longer sleep for them.<br />
They don't have a calendar, for them to keep track of the time or age of someone they plant a tree for each one of them, and they give the age of the person to the tree that corresponds to him.<br />
After reading all these notes, Chloe sent to Farid a letter, "When are you coming back?" Farid replied, "I think never is the answer!" Chloe was a little surprised and wrote to him back, "You made a huge breakthrough with these research notes and you can be in a good situation, we sent everything to Paris and I bet they will be happy to hire you as a researcher there."<br />
Farid wrote back to her, "You don't get it, I will never come back to neither to Algeria nor anywhere else, and in the Magono language, 'Sligter' has a meaning of 'goodbye forever and I hope you will be okay without me and it has another meaning if you use it to someone precious to you it means 'I found the heaven I was seeking and I will be there but I will never come back and I hope you will be okay without me."<br />

	</p>





  </div>
</body>
</html>
