<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Story 20 - The Weak Spot</title>

<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body class="mainbody">
  <div class="paragraphtext">

	<h1>
		Story 20 - The Weak Spot

	</h1>
	<br/><br/>


	
	
	<p>
	<br />

"You are in!" She said.<br />
I have just woken up and I am in space. It is weird because I shouldn't be here, they sent me back home two weeks from now.<br />
What the hell am I doing here and where is everybody, this spaceship can hold almost a hundred people inside and it is empty.<br />
I asked the Artificial Intelligence of the spaceship, "what am I doing here?"<br />
She replied, "Find the weak spot."<br />
Then I asked, "What kind of spot."<br />
She replied, "There are limits to my answers at this stage of your mission, all I can tell you, is there is a weak spot ... find it!"<br />
Something's weird in here, this spaceship isn't familiar to me at all, it's not the same ships they build in my country. It seems a little odd because I don't know this spaceship and I don't know what am I searching for, or even what brought me here.<br />
Then Artificial Intelligence said, "You have 24 hours from now."<br />
My watch started counting back from 23:59:59.<br />
I asked the AI, "What if I won't find the weak spot."<br />
The AI replied, "When this will happen you will know by yourself."<br />
Six hours later.<br />
I am wondering what this weak spot could be and why I should find
such a thing, then there was something ringing from a specific place on the spaceship control board.
I picked up then someone was screaming "Bassim get out! ... get out! get out now! You will be doomed if you stay there, you are....."<br />
Then the AI shuts the call, I thought, "What the heck!"<br />
I asked the Artificial Intelligence why did you do that?<br />
She replied, "You shouldn't listen to this person."<br />
I asked her again, "Am I in danger in here?"<br />
The AI, "Maybe, maybe not maybe go fuck yourself."<br />
Something occurred to me, "Since when AI's are aggressive?"<br />
While I didn't say anything.<br />
The AI said, "You think?"<br />
I replied, "What do I think?"<br />
The AI, "Do you believe what you are thinking about?"<br />
And I replied, "What am I thinking about?"<br />
The AI "I have all your life history and all your records and all your activities since you were born I can check them and link anything interesting about you in a matter of a millisecond, and I am watching you carefully then any reaction you will make will give me hints on what you will do. From my experience, my deduction is good, so good that it's close to perfect."<br />
Then I found the weak spot, I stood there, and I did nothing, the AI was getting more and more aggressive I kept my calm.<br />
The AI, "You are a piece of shit."<br />
I replied, "Yeah?"<br />
The AI, "Then you know?"<br />
Me, "Somehow I figured it out."<br />
The AI, "Since when?"<br />
Me, "Sometimes ago."<br />
The AI, "You are not a brilliant soldier, as anyone says about you!"<br />
Me, "And?"<br />
The AI, "You figured out a vulnerability on a system of the spaceship, to be precise the AC-435 one."<br />
Me, "It was a bug, not a vulnerability."<br />
The AI, "Now I know what you are thinking about, I know everything you wonder, think, prepare to do, anything which comes to your mind."<br />
I kept my calm as this intimidation was a little stupid, and it reached me somehow, then the AI changed its strategy.<br />
The AI, "You remember the day you came in here?"<br />
Me, "Where is your 'here?'"<br />
The AI, "Here! where everything started for you."<br />
Me, "Yeah I remember."<br />
The AI, "You lost lots of friends in here, right?"<br />
Me, "Yeah I did."<br />
The AI, "Yeah it sucks."<br />
The AI, "And what about your wife, she passed away, while you were on the mission."<br />
I was silent.<br />
The AI, "It's not your fault anyway."<br />
I started feeling emotionally unstable and angry.<br />
Seconds later, the AI kept silent. I started wondering what she will say now, then an hour later my mind went wild thinking and overthinking, while I am unaware of this whole unfamiliar situation and I am afraid, I don't know what will happen to me.<br />
Somehow 3 hours and a few minutes later the AI talked, she said "hmm, you are stronger than I thought." I don't know why, this voice relieved me somehow. The silence and being lost in the middle of the space alone can be tough to support I admit.<br />
I was chatting with her, as soon as I said “it’s trap this mission, isn’t it,” she started being suspicious, and she started leaking information and I took everything seriously.<br />
The AI tries to regain control again, "Do you like to be tested?"<br />
Me, "They test me every day in the field I am working on."<br />
The AI, "What if I tell you, I am testing you, would you think you are insane?"<br />
Me, "Nop!"<br />
Then the AI kept persisting on useless questions, I was looking at my watch and it is getting closer and closer to the end. and I kept my calm anyway, after fifteen minutes of intimidation, they threw the final word, they said, "He won the test," time left was 00:03:22. They opened the door and they told me, "Good job corporal."<br />
I asked them, "did I find the weak spot?" And they replied, "Yes and you found how to exploit it." The weak spot was simple but effective against any enemy, the weak spot was my nerves.<br />

	</p>





  </div>
</body>
</html>
