<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Story 22 - The Light from the Hell</title>

<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body class="mainbody">
  <div class="paragraphtext">

	<h1>
		Story 22 - The Light from the Hell

	</h1>
	<br/><br/>

	
	
	
	<p>

I was looking upward and I saw something. I said, "Hey guys, look up there is some light far away." Someone looked at me and replied, "We are in hell Badis, there is no such light in this place." A few seconds later it disappeared and I continued my travel in this dark place. We were walking and we don't even know where are we headed to. Some legends say that God is looking after us and he will choose whom he will take to heaven. As we all know, at least people I know for a long time here, no one got out from this place, from this dark hell place.
The guardian and the counter said out loud, "A newcomer here!" We all stopped and we were checking where is he. We always look if there are some demons around us, they are everywhere we walk, but they chose someone to torture from order, and sometimes they sneak out between us. Well they are demons sometimes they don't follow orders and they are not punished for that. The Guardian said again out loud, "Here he is."
We all continued our walk, and suddenly I saw the light again, this time it was longer than the first one. The newcomer came to walk beside me, he told me, "Don't worry Badis you will be out soon." I replied, "Can you see the light too?" The guardian said out loud, "A newcomer here!" Just a few seconds later he said out loud again, "Here he is." We all continued our walk and the second newcomer came beside me. They were one from the right and one from the left. I thought they were demons. at this moment I was terrified. Suddenly they took off their outer dark clothes and a bright light came out from them. They said, "Badis it's time for you to come to heaven." They made me fly. After a few seconds or minutes or hours, I don't know how much time it took, but after this moment I saw heaven for the first time in my afterlife.

	</p>




  </div>
</body>
</html>
